so the back of the bow is
looking pretty nice and i'm
going to start shaping the bill
with the axe
take it down to one continuous
great i'll provide the most
strength hunter-gatherer matt
has only caught small squirrels
since returning to his desert
home bigger game like wild
rabbits will offer more meat
what can only be hunted with a
bow and arrow which matt will
have to make from scratch so
I've got this piece of Osage
orange wood which actually makes
a really nice durable wood
this is going to make a
beautiful bow and feel like when
you're making something as
primitive as a bull
there's a simplicity to it
I like using as few tools as
possible
although it's a wooden bow
actually will shew quieter than
the most expensive high-tech
modern bows on the market today
is a slow process when you're
working with such a hard piece
of wood but it's really worth it
so we're pulling on it tells me
that both limbs are bending
evenly
it's coming along really nicely
I've got a nice even been
throughout but get a final
finish and rub a bunch of sand
on there may be some more still
here really fine-tune super
smooth beautiful little finish
up some animal fat and a little
bit of sagebrush rubbed in there
handle more fine-tuned wraps
nice buckskin around there
we'll see how it shoots
the first time this piece of
wood is being brought to life as
a bull
there's been a few moments where
it's like get it right there
Wow
yeah